Minutes May 11, 2016 – The Things Network NYC

Meeting Number “2” (First Meeting)

Hosted by Anchin, Block, & Anchin, LLP

1375 BROADWAY, 23^rd^ Floor, Manhattan

Notes taken by: Forrest Filler

Convened at 5:30pm; adjourned at 7:15pm.

**Attendance – (8)**

-   Terry Moore

-   Chris Menck

-   Frank Rose

-   Tom Lowenhaupt

-   Chris Stratton

-   Junior Hurge

-   Manny Tsarnas

-   Forrest Filler

**Minutes**

1.  General introduction to the mission and what the things network is,
    and our goals.

2.  Some discussion of technical details relating to antenna positioning
    and configuration of reception; details related to positioning of
    gateway and angle of transmission (\~ 60 degrees)

3.  Hardware pricing

    a.  Production of our own node that is more affordable than current
        models

    b.  Should develop a basic list of componentry, venders, and pricing

4.  Liability for gateway operator arising out of network use for:

    a.  Malicious

    b.  Injuries or damages arising during the use of TTN

5.  Discussion of types of nodes: Class A, B, C, currently using Class A

    a.  Future uses for B and C

6.  Currently two operational gateways available in the city, however
    limited due to location:

    a.  6^th^ Avenue and 44^th^ Street

    b.  Alley Chelsea on West 24^th^ Street, 3^rd^ Floor

**NEXT STEPS:**

1.  Need to ensure we can engineer a “simple” solution to allow the
    layperson to get involved with IoT and TTN

2.  Coming up with a plan for coverage for the city.

    a.  Timeline

    b.  Costs

    c.  Ongoing service and maintenance for gateways

        i.  Begin to develop a succession plan for getting people
            trained up and excited to help maintain our grid from
            Education and industry

3.  Set up a \#Slack for our group with these channels to start

    a.  Coverage

    b.  Network

    c.  Nodes

    d.  Gateway and care

    e.  Hacking

4.  Global communication with our TTN

    a.  Should be done through the forums there, could start a NYC
        section

5.  Set an in-person meetup in one month

    a.  Terry will send out invite, similar time, may not be Wednesday
        as it conflicts with another likeminded developer meetup (Chris
        mentioned this)

    b.  We could all try to invite someone else to increase our outreach

6.  Increase diversity of membership / reach out to potential partners-
    who should we be talking to? Potentially we could reach out to some
    of these folks…

    a.  GDI (girl develop it)

    b.  MODA (Mayors Office of Data Analytics)

    c.  DoIT (Department of IT, NYC)

    d.  BetaNYC (the local brigade of Code for America)

    e.  Civic Hall, or other civic hackers in town

    f.  Stevens Institute in Hoboken to access their buoys for remote
        data capture?

**Next meeting**

1.  June 15, location TBA (AI: Terry)[^1]

[^1]: Subsequently changed to June 14. Location still TBA.
